.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/New_Feature.md, before:

---
name: New Feature
about: New improvement to the repo
title: "[New Feature Title]"
labels: feature
assignees: ''

---

## Feature Overview

Short, sweet and descriptive summary of the feature
 - written in imperative tense, like a git commit message.
   - https://initialcommit.com/blog/Git-Commit-Message-Imperative-Mood

Feature overview examples:
  - 'add automated testing for all unit tests'
  - 'configure gh-actions to run on each pull request'
  - 'Add support for ubuntu:latest docker image.'

## Full Description

Be as descriptive as possible, but remember to not describe HOW to execute any of the code. Rather, focus on the <i>why</i> behind any requirements that you feel need justifying. 

Bad: 
  ```
  user input should be saved to an existing array of previous responses. do not create a new array
  ```
Good:
  ```
  Additions to the codebase adhere to our styleguides and other coding standards. 
  ```
Include pictures when helpful

## Further Reading

include references to similar features, external features, external readings as helpful 

### <i> Delete a section and its heading if not used </i>

Commit message:

add 'acceptance criteria' in the features template

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/New_Feature.md, after:

---
name: New Feature
about: New improvement to the repo
title: "[New Feature Title]"
labels: feature
assignees: ''

---

## Feature Overview

Short, sweet and descriptive summary of the feature
 - written in imperative tense, like a git commit message.
   - https://initialcommit.com/blog/Git-Commit-Message-Imperative-Mood

Feature overview examples:
  - 'add automated testing for all unit tests'
  - 'configure gh-actions to run on each pull request'
  - 'Add support for ubuntu:latest docker image.'

## Full Description

Be as descriptive as possible, but remember to not describe HOW to execute any of the code. Rather, focus on the <i>why</i> behind any requirements that you feel need justifying. 

Bad: 
  ```
  user input should be saved to an existing array of previous responses. do not create a new array
  ```
Good:
  ```
  Additions to the codebase adhere to our styleguides and other coding standards. 
  ```
Include pictures when helpful

### Acceptance Criteria

- [ ] This will help define when this feature is fully addressed. 
- [ ] A series of checkboxes is expected.

## Further Reading

include references to similar features, external features, external readings as helpful 

### <i> Delete a section and its heading if not used </i>
